Master<-Dev for release of v1.13.3 (#964)
nf-core/tools: CHANGELOG.md

# nf-core/tools: Changelog

## [v1.13.3 - Copper Crocodile Resurrection :crocodile:](https://github.com/nf-core/tools/releases/tag/1.13.2) - [2021-03-24]

* Running tests twice with `nf-core modules create-test-yml` to catch unreproducible md5 sums [[#890](https://github.com/nf-core/tools/issues/890)]
* Fix sync error again where the Nextflow edge release needs to be used for some pipelines

> * Fix bug with `nf-core lint --release` (`NameError: name 'os' is not defined`)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix bug with `nf-core lint --release` (`NameError: name 'os' is not defined`)
* Added linebreak to linting comment so that markdown header renders on PR comment properly
* In moule create command - if no bioconda package is found, prompt user for a different bioconda package name

```

# nf-core/tools: Changelog

## [v1.13.3 - Copper Crocodile Resurrection :crocodile:](https://github.com/nf-core/tools/releases/tag/1.13.2) - [2021-03-24]

* Running tests twice with `nf-core modules create-test-yml` to catch unreproducible md5 sums [[#890](https://github.com/nf-core/tools/issues/890)]
* Fix sync error again where the Nextflow edge release needs to be used for some pipelines
* Fix bug with `nf-core lint --release` (`NameError: name 'os' is not defined`)
* Added linebreak to linting comment so that markdown header renders on PR comment properly

> * In moule create command - if no bioconda package is found, prompt user for a different bioconda package name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `nf-core modules create` command - if no bioconda package is found, prompt user for a different bioconda package name
```
